Hello, young word explorer.
Welcome to Unit 2, Good Neighbours and Jobs.
This unit has 21 vocabulary cards in 4 learning groups.
Group 1 is People in Your Neighbourhood.
Listen for words such as neighbour, window cleaner, police officer, reporter, bus driver.
Group 2 is Jobs and Equipment.
Listen for words such as firefighter, helmet, boots, gloves, mask, uniform.
Group 3 is More Jobs in the Community.
Listen for words such as doctor, nurse, teacher, farmer, shopkeeper.
Group 4 is Action Words (verb + ing).
Listen for words such as helping, teaching, rescuing, growing, driving.
For each word, listen and repeat, read five sentences, notice the word type, practise spelling, write your own sentence, and ask the tutor for help.
You are ready to begin Unit 2.